Improvement: Update README.md (#117)
sats-group/SATSCore-iOS: README.md

This is one of the tradeoffs of using SwiftPackageManager, in standalone packages we cannot have demo apps, neither configure Xcode to run SwiftLint. So we added this to the DemoApp.

## Releasing
In order to release a new version of the package (and SATSCore iOS app)

1. Create a PR for your improvements

> 2. Merge your Pr to main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Merge your PR to main
```

3. Get latest released version from the [releases section](https://github.com/sats-group/SATSCore-iOS/releases)

4. Get changelog from last version which in this case is 1.3.0
    
    - Remember to replace 1.3.0 for the last released version of the package.
    - If you have `pr_changelog` installed (`gem install pr_changelog`), you can run a command like

    ```
     $ pr_changelog 1.3.0 main --format pretty | pbcopy
    ```

> 5. On the [releases section](https://github.com/sats-group/SATSCore-iOS/releases) click the `Draft a new release` button

Reviewer: In case you didn't know, you can actually do something like the following to not have to write the URL twice:

```markdown
3. Get latest released version from the [releases section]
4. ...
5. On the [releases section] click the `Draft a new release` button

[releases section]: https://github.com/sats-group/SATSCore-iOS/releases
```

The result is the same:

> 3. Get latest released version from the [releases section]
> 4. ...
> 5. On the [releases section] click the `Draft a new release` button
>
> [releases section]: https://github.com/sats-group/SATSCore-iOS/releases

Author: Cool 🥇

### The Release
6. Create a tag - which in this case is 1.3.1 
   - You can do this from the dropdown button - `Choose a tag`

>    - Make sure the `Tag` and `Title` of the release is in the form `0.0.8` or similar as this number is used by SPM(Software Program Managment) to define the version.

Reviewer: Isn't “SPM” the “Swift Package Manager” in this case?

Author: Yes 👍

This is one of the tradeoffs of using SwiftPackageManager, in standalone packages we cannot have demo apps, neither configure Xcode to run SwiftLint. So we added this to the DemoApp.

## Releasing
In order to release a new version of the package (and SATSCore iOS app)

1. Create a PR for your improvements
2. Merge your PR to main
3. Get latest released version from the [releases section]

> 4. Get changelog from last version which in this case is `1.3.0`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Get the changelog from latest version which in this case is `1.3.0`
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Get the changelog from the latest version which in this case is `1.3.0`
```

Author: well google translate  agree with ´the latest´
